Adding note about skipping mypy for targets. (#11)
theoremlp/rules_mypy: readme.md

    ],
)
```

## Skipping Targets

> Adding the `no-mypy` tag will elide type checking for that target. This is seful for targets outside your

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adding the `no-mypy` tag will elide type checking for that target. This is useful for targets outside of your
```
